Add FAQ about Ledger tracking xpub (#204)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md

You can't do that directly, so send them (in small portions >0.1BTC if needed) to a ''hot'' Wasabi Wallet for CoinJoin and then send them back to a new address on the Hardware wallet for cold-storage.
:::

:::details
### Does Ledger Live server spy on my xpub?

Yes, when using the Ledger Live software wallet to manage your coins, you send your extended public key to the Ledger company server.
With this information they know exactly how many bitcoins you have and in what transactions you spend them.

> To avoid that you can use a Ledger hardware in combination with Wasabi as software interface, and because Wasabi does not leak your xpub, your transaction history is not shared with anyone.

Reviewer: Wait a minute. From wasabi, we cannot initialize a ledger. Wasabi can do anything but only after this. The point is to initialize a ledger you have to connect to ledger software at least for the beginning. And that is the problem. Am I right Mr. @MaxHillebrand ?

Reviewer 2: Ah, now I get what this is about - yes you are right, because of the required ledger live initialization the xpub is screwed already... OK @RiccardoMasutti, can you please explain again how this extra password thingy works?

Author: @molnard @maxhillebrand I'll ad a few strings about ledger wallet creation offline without ledger live.

Only after that, final user can use ledger in combination with wasabi

> Make sure you are generating a completely new wallet with new mnemonic backup so that the compromized old wallet is no longer an issue.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Make sure you are generating a completely new wallet with a new seed phrase backup so that the compromised old wallet is no longer an issue.
```
Seed phrases are sometimes called "mnemonic phrases" especially in older literature. This is a bad name because the word mnemonic implies that the phrase should be memorized. It is less misleading to call them seed phrases. [source](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Seed_phrase)

:::

:::details
### Does Ledger Live server spy on my xpub?

Yes, when using the Ledger Live software wallet to manage your coins, you send your extended public key to the Ledger company server.
With this information they know exactly how many bitcoins you have and in what transactions you spend them.

> To avoid that you can use a Ledger hardware in combination with Wasabi as software interface, and because Wasabi does not leak your xpub, your transaction history is not shared with anyone.

Reviewer: Wait a minute. From wasabi, we cannot initialize a ledger. Wasabi can do anything but only after this. The point is to initialize a ledger you have to connect to ledger software at least for the beginning. And that is the problem. Am I right Mr. @MaxHillebrand ?
